Assignment Milestone 1

Objectives:
- Act as a major milestone for the Assignment.
- Acquire presentation skills and experience reviewing presentations to 
  determine quality work.

Present milestone 1 during the lecture in week 8.


Nature of milestone 1:

Visually realistic first person tour of the area that will be part of the final
milestone due at the end of semester. Select and area in consultation with your
tutor. It is be on campus. See demo.

Aim for visual realism.

Physics, AI/NPC behaviour, emotions, moods, the affordance system,
interactions are assessed in Assignment 2/project and *not* in this
assignment but if you are in the process of building the project
components, you can keep the project components in.


After the presentaion, please submit everything in LMS. This is to 
make sure that what you presented during the lecture is actually correct.
The program builds and runs and what you presented has not been mocked up
or faked. If what you presented turns out be faked, there will be no marks
for the first milestone.

Please submit the following.

- A properly completed unit cover sheet. There is a penalty indicated on
the cover sheet for not doing this properly. Please see the back of the
unit outline for the cover sheet.

- Group declaration sheet (Work breakdown sheet). See last page of unit guide.

- Updated team charter document signed by all team members.

- A completed tasks breakdown list which shows each task, estimated time
taken and actual time taken and the names of people involved with each
task. See "Individual accouting.xls"

- All source code in a directory called source. Anyone should be able to
create an executable within a couple of minutes from your source, so
simple instructions on how to build should be provided.

- A directory called executable which contains only the files needed to
run your program. There is a 30% penalty, if the program doesn't
run as provided. All that should be needed to run is to unzip and run
the executable. No installers should install anything in the windows or
other system areas.

- When quitting your program, display a screen which shows your photos
(of your faces) and your names under the photo as captions. To actually
quit, the user will have to left mouse click on this splash screen.

- A directory called html which contains the doxygen output. Make sure
all options are selected so that even undocumented features are output.
*Doxgen output must show authorship of all code.*

- A user manual.

- Design document: How the program was designed design document,
including storyboards, details of the plans and measurements used.
Actual CAD or other layout files must be submitted on disk. If models
were loaded from external files, and explanation of the model file
formats and the loading methods should be provided.

- Testing plan and testing details with results of testing.

- A file called Evaluation.txt which lists what works and what
doesn't work. This should be presented as dot points.

- A video showcasing your work. You can use fraps or Camstudio from
http://camstudio.org/ or any suitable screen capture software. Make sure
that special codecs are not required to view the video.

- Material/code/ideas used from elsewhere must be cited and there should
be no copyright or IP violations . You must also make it easy to tell
which code is yours and what is not. Doxygen output should show this
clearly and so should your design document. Your work may be exhibited
publicly and the code may be demonstrated. *No* situation should arise
where anyone can say that your work (or parts of your work) belongs to
someone else and has been used without permission. Just citing is not
enough to say that you have not plagiarised, violated copyright or IP.
If you are unsure, please see the section on University Policy in the
unit outline and talk to your tutor.

Assessment: (See Assessment component in the unit guide).